update CLI docs (#1778)
near/docs: docs/4.tools/cli.md

#### 3a) `near generate-key --fromSeedPhrase="your seed phrase"`

> > Uses a seed phrase to display a public key and [implicit account](http://docs.near.org/docs/roles/integrator/implicit-accounts)

Author: ```suggestion
> Uses a seed phrase to display a public key and [implicit account](../1.concepts/basics/accounts/account-id.md#implicit-accounts-implicit-accounts)
```
